DEBUG-5089 Enable symbol database when dynamic instrumentation is enabled (#5828)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

#### Symbol Database

> When Dynamic Instrumentation is enabled, the tracer can extract and upload symbol information (class names, method signatures, parameter names) from your application to enable auto-completion in the DI UI. Symbol Database upload tracks the Dynamic Instrumentation feature gate: it is enabled by default when Dynamic Instrumentation is enabled and disabled by default otherwise. When enabled, it activates automatically using Remote Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Dynamic Instrumentation is enabled, the tracer can extract and upload symbol information (class names, method signatures, parameter names) from your application to enable auto-completion in the DI UI. Symbol Database upload follows the Dynamic Instrumentation setting: it's enabled by default when Dynamic Instrumentation is enabled and disabled by default otherwise. When enabled, it activates automatically using Remote Configuration.
```

Author: Applied a variant of this — the wording now says Symbol Database upload follows Dynamic Instrumentation and uploads only when DI is actually enabled (env var or implicit UI enablement), keeping your "follows the DI setting" framing while reflecting the upload-time gate.

> When Dynamic Instrumentation is enabled, the tracer can extract and upload symbol information (class names, method signatures, parameter names) from your application to enable auto-completion in the DI UI. Symbol Database upload tracks the Dynamic Instrumentation feature gate: it is enabled by default when Dynamic Instrumentation is enabled and disabled by default otherwise. When enabled, it activates automatically using Remote Configuration.

Author: Reworded in d3808c1367 — the section now says upload happens only when DI is actually enabled (env var or implicit UI enablement) and stays off otherwise, instead of "tracks the feature gate".

| Environment variable | Type | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|---|

> | `DD_SYMBOL_DATABASE_UPLOAD_ENABLED` | `Boolean` | Enable or disable symbol database upload. | Tracks `DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED` |

Author: Updated the default column (d3808c1367) — it no longer implies the env var alone flips it on; it says uploads happen only when DI is actually enabled.

> | `DD_SYMBOL_DATABASE_UPLOAD_ENABLED` | `Boolean` | Enable or disable symbol database upload. | Unset: uploads only when Dynamic Instrumentation is actually enabled |

Reviewer 2: nit: For consistency with the `c.symbol_database.enabled`, should this also say that Unset refers to `nil`?

Author: I don't think so because the env vars and settings are different: the settings are always defined (and thus might have nil as value), but env vars can be not set (in which case referencing ENV['WHATEVER'] would return nil but it's not because WHATEVER is actually in ENV, if it was the value would be the empty string).

The existing text is consistent with the `DD_DYNAMIC_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED` text above which also uses "unset" terminology.

| Setting | Type | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|---|

> | `c.symbol_database.enabled` | `Boolean` | Enable or disable symbol database upload. | Tracks `c.dynamic_instrumentation.enabled` |

Author: Likewise — the default column now reflects that unset follows DI actually being enabled (d3808c1367).

> | `c.symbol_database.enabled` | `Boolean` | Enable or disable symbol database upload. | Unset (`nil`): uploads only when Dynamic Instrumentation is actually enabled |

Author: Done — the type column is now `Boolean, nil` with a note that nil follows DI. Fixed in 2f405668b6.
